ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/ui/hotelList/HotelListFragmentDirections.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.ui.hotelList.HotelListFragmentDirections
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.ui.hotelList.HotelListFragmentDirections$1
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.ui.hotelList.HotelListFragmentDirections$ActionHotelListFragmentToHotelEditFragment
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/data/HotelDatabaseDao_Impl.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.data.HotelDatabaseDao_Impl
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.data.HotelDatabaseDao_Impl$1
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.data.HotelDatabaseDao_Impl$2
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.data.HotelDatabaseDao_Impl$3
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.data.HotelDatabaseDao_Impl$4
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.data.HotelDatabaseDao_Impl$5
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/databinding/HotelEditFragmentBindingImpl.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.databinding.HotelEditFragmentBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/ui/login/LoginFragmentDirections.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.ui.login.LoginFragmentDirections
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/BR.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.BR
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/databinding/LoginFragmentBinding.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.databinding.LoginFragmentBinding
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/data/HotelDatabase_Impl.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.data.HotelDatabase_Impl
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.data.HotelDatabase_Impl$1
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/databinding/HotelListFragmentBinding.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.databinding.HotelListFragmentBinding
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/databinding/HotelListFragmentBindingImpl.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.databinding.HotelListFragmentBindingImpl
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/BuildConfig.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.BuildConfig
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/databinding/LoginFragmentBindingImpl.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.databinding.LoginFragmentBindingImpl
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/databinding/HotelEditFragmentBinding.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.databinding.HotelEditFragmentBinding
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.DataBinderMapperImpl
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.DataBindingTriggerClass
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/databinding/HotelCardBinding.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.databinding.HotelCardBinding
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/databinding/HotelCardBindingImpl.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.databinding.HotelCardBindingImpl
ro/ubb/sebi/hotelmanager/ui/hotelEdit/HotelEditFragmentArgs.java
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.ui.hotelEdit.HotelEditFragmentArgs
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.ui.hotelEdit.HotelEditFragmentArgs$1
 ro.ubb.sebi.hotelmanager.ui.hotelEdit.HotelEditFragmentArgs$Builder
